Create the program auto_ocl.py as follows.
The program takes a name of a Python file from the command line using argparse.

For that file it creates an object of a class starting with:

```python
@dataclass
class Example:
    example_path: Path
    source_code_1: str = ""
    source_code_2: str = ""
    ...
```

Add fields and methods to `Example` as necessary.


Read the contents of `self.example_path` into `self.source_code_1` and `self.source_code_2`.

Modify `self.source_code_2`:
    1. Remove all lines that start with `#| `.
    2. Using `libcst`, find all `print()` statements.
Capture those original print() statements in a string form that can be exactly reproduced -- *before* any f-string formatting takes place.
Create a new string `ocl_printer_1` that contains the program with each `print()` replaced by a call to `oclgen()` (using `libcst`). 
The first argument to `oclgen()` is a `str` containing a number that is incremented for each `oclgen()` call.
The second argument to `oclgen()` is the argument of the `print()` that it is replacing.
The third argument to `oclgen()` is the original print statement in raw form.

For example:

```python
print("foo")
print("bar")
```

Becomes:

```python
oclgen("1", "foo", r'''print("foo")''')
oclgen("2", "bar", r'''print("bar")''')
```

Create a new directory beneath the directory of the file being tested.
Give that directory the name of the original script followed by `_check`.
We will refer to its Path as `check_dir`.
Store all the following files in that directory.

Store `ocl_printer_1` in a file with the name of the original script followed by a `_1.py`.

Copy `ocl_printer_1` into `ocl_printer_2`.
At the top of `ocl_printer_2`, insert the two lines:

from pybooktools.ocl import OCLContainer
oclgen = OCLContainer()

At the end of `ocl_printer_2`, append the line:
oclgen.write(check_dir / "ocl_container.pickle")

Store `ocl_printer_2` a file with the name of the original script followed by a `_2.py`.
Run Python on that file.

Now use:
ocl_container = OCLContainer.read(check_dir / "ocl_container.pickle")
To construct the OCLContainer that was generated by running Python on the file.

Create `ocl_results` by replacing the `oclgen()` calls in `ocl_printer_1` with their corresponding OCL.raw_print,
followed by their OCL.output_lines.
Store `ocl_results` in `check_dir / original_file_name`.
